In Flutter everything is Widget. We have Text widget for putting text in app, and Center Widget to put in center of app.

`MaterialApp` widget is grand daddy of all widgets. and its based on google material design.

<h2>Scaffold Widget</h2>
Scaffold widget is a widget that divides screen into parts. Some of these parts are header,  content area, footer etc.

`appBar` property:
<h3>AppBar Widget</h3>
A widget to put in `appBar` property of <b>Scaffold</b> widget. Has properties like `title`, `backgroundColor` etc.

`body` property. In this property main content of application can be defined with other widgets.

`backgroundColor` property set the whole background color of app.

<h2>Image Widget</h2>
A widget to put image in app either locally or from remote address. `NetworkImage`, `AssetImage` is an example. assets are defined in `pubspec.yml` file.

<h2>Understanding const</h2>
`const` helps `Dart` optimize runtime performance. `const` variables are reused when possible so performance gets improved. Always should add `const` when IDE prompts for it.

<h2>Container Widget</h2>
Really a container to add more properties to other widgets. One property is `decoration` property. `decoration` property takes a widget of type `Decoration` as input but this type is an abstract class. One Implementation that we used is `BoxDecoration`. `BoxDecoration` used for placing a gradient color for `Scaffold` widget body property;

<h2>BoxDecoration Widget</h2>
`gradient`: Takes a `LinearGradient` widget.

<h2>LinearGradient Widget</h2>
`colors`: Takes a list of `Color` widget.
`begin`: Takes an `Alignment` widget for configuring where gradient starts.
`end`: Same as `begin` but for where gradient ends;