<h1>Stateless Widget</h2>
`StatelessWidget` class is used to create custom stateless widgets.

<h1>Stateful Widget</h1>
`StatefulWidget` class is used to create custom stateful widgets. When the state of these widgets change the widget gets re-rendered and UI is updated.

Process of creating stateful widgets:
1. Create a class for your widget like `DiceRoller` and extend it from `StatefulWidget`
2. Create another class with the same name of your widget but starting with `_` like `_DiceRoller` and extend it from `State`. But `State` class is generic and its argument should be the stateful widget you created in step 1 for example `State<DiceRoller>`.
3. The state class needs `build` method that returns a `Widget`. These separation of `StatefulWidget` and its `State` helps flutter to optimize widget with `const` keyword.
4. In state class create your widget and all related variables for that widget but for changes (like pressing button changes) you need to call `setState` function that is provided to you by `State` class. otherwise changes wont happen in application.

```dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';  
  
class DiceRoller extends StatefulWidget {  
  const DiceRoller({super.key});  
  
  @override  
  State<StatefulWidget> createState() {  
    return _DiceRollerState();  
  }  
}  
  
class _DiceRollerState extends State<DiceRoller> {  
  var activeDiceImage = "assets/images/dice-2.png";  
  
  @override  
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {  
    return Column(  
      mainAxisAlignment: MainAxisAlignment.center,  
      children: [  
        Image.asset(  
          activeDiceImage,  
          width: 200,  
        ),  
        TextButton(  
          onPressed: rollDice,  
          style: TextButton.styleFrom(  
              foregroundColor: Colors.white,  
              textStyle: const TextStyle(fontSize: 28),  
              padding: const EdgeInsets.only(top: 20)),  
          child: const Text("Roll Dice"),  
        )  
      ],  
    );  
  }  
  
  rollDice() {  
    setState(() {  
      activeDiceImage = "assets/images/dice-4.png";  
    });  
  }  
}
```


<h1>Column Widget</h1>
`Column` widget is used to place other widgets vertically in screen. By default, occupies the <b>entire available height</b> but <b>only the width required</b> by its content (children).

<h1>Row Widget</h1>
`Row` widget is used to place other widgets horizontally next to each other in screen. By default, occupies the <b>entire available width</b> but <b>only the height required</b> by its content (children).

<h1>Button Widgets</h1>
<h3>Elevated Button Wiget</h3>
<h3>Outlined Button Widget</h3>
<h4>OutlinedButtonWidget.icon</h4>

<h3>Text Button Widget</h3>
One form of button that we can use in flutter. Has different properties like 
`onPressed` to define function of what clicking the button should do,
`child` which takes a widget usually a `Text` widget to show button text,
`style` Which takes in a `ButtonStyle` widget to style button like setting button foreground color, font size, padding etc.

<h1>SizedBox Widget</h1>
Creates a box in screen and if do not have any content will be invisible. `SizedBox` width and height is fixed and cant get larger if its content becomes bigger than given width and length.